hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction film
called knowing be ready for some
spoilers ahead
in 1959 a girl named lucinda stares into
the distance while hearing voices
whispering in her ears
their teacher tells them to draw
pictures of the future and they'll put
them in a time capsule to be opened 50
years later
all the children draw colorful pictures
but lucinda continues to write a series
of numbers on the paper
her teacher takes the paper away from
her before she can finish the last
digits
they bury the time capsule underground
while the teacher notices that lucinda
has disappeared
they form a search team for the girl and
eventually finds her in the basement
scratching the numbers on the door
with blood on her hands she keeps on
pleading for the whispers to stop
while her teacher looks at her in
confusion 50 years later
john an astrophysicist who lost his wife
finds it difficult to control his
depression
and maintain a healthy relationship with
his son caleb
he has trouble believing that there's
meaning in life after his wife has died
for no apparent reasons
jon goes to attend the celebration in
caleb's school where they'll dig up the
time capsule that was buried 50 years
ago
the teacher who taught lucinda is still
alive and she cuts the ribbons in honor
of her class
they take out the time capsule and
proceeds to hand out all the artworks
from before
caleb receives the letter from lucinda
and looks at the numbers in confusion
he begins hearing whispers from
everywhere and sees a tall man with
blonde hair standing from afar
they go back home and john notices the
letter that his son brought
he didn't think too much about it only
telling his son that it's time for bed
later that night he hears some noise
from the bedroom and goes to check
only to see his son playing the old
footage of his wife saying a lullaby
he closes the door and feels extremely
depressed
drowning himself in alcohol to forget
the pain of losing his wife
he sees the letter again from caleb on
the table and decides to keep himself
busy by writing the contents on the
blackboard
he tries to single out the numbers for
meaning and arrives at the date of
9 11 2001. jon searches the internet for
the tragedy
only to find that the number of
mortality is the same as written on the
letter
thinking that it's only a fluke he began
searching for all the dates written on
the letter
and finding even more tragic events in
correlation
he goes to his friend phil and tells him
the strange findings
every set of numbers on the ladder
matches a major disaster in date and
mortality
there are three sets of numbers that
hasn't happened yet one of them showing
81 people would die somewhere tomorrow
phil thinks that the numbers are just
coincidences as there are also ditches
on the paper that apparently has no
meaning
he suspects that someone may be playing
a joke on jon
or worse yet his friend is going crazy
from the wife's death
jon rushes out in anger as his friend
refuses to believe him
he goes to lucinda's teacher for a visit
and wants to verify the authenticity of
the letter
she confirms that this is the original
and remembers that they found lucinda
scratching her nails out on the door
when john inquires about the whereabouts
of lucinda today
the teacher informs him that the woman
died a few years ago
jon tries to make a few phone calls at
home about lucinda
as caleb plays outside the house the boy
gets a visit from two mysterious men
who gives him a small black stone john
sees this and rushes out
he asks caleb about what happened and
sees the rock that the man gave to his
son
he thinks nothing of it and wants caleb
to never talk to strangers ever again
later that day he searches online about
lucinda
finding the report on her death suddenly
his sister scares him from the back
which was pretty amusing but not for the
main character
we learned that jon has a difficult
relationship with his parents
due to them being extremely religious
and jon be an atheist
the sister wants jon to visit their
family but jon refuses because he hasn't
talked to his father for a very long
time
jon stays up the whole night trying to
look for an accident that involves 81
deaths
but finds no such event no matter how
long he waited
he goes to pick up his son the next day
and gets stuck in traffic in the ring
he looks at the gps and notices that the
coordinates are the same as
written on the letter he gets out and
tries to find out what's causing the jam
and suddenly a large passenger plane
falls from the sky towards them
and crashes right beside the highway jon
rushes to help the survivors but only
sees that everyone is burning in flames
he goes back home while still having
trouble believing what just happened
john goes online to search about the
accident only to find the report stating
that 81 people have died
his friend arrives to comfort him and
warns him to not go near the sights
again but jon feels an obligation to
prevent the accidents
at night caleb wakes up hearing the
whispers and sees the same man in his
room this time
walking towards him the man point
towards the window and caleb looks
outside
only to see that everything is burning
in flames while the animals are running
for their lives
he screams in fear and his father runs
upstairs to comfort him
jon sees the man in the backyard and
rushes outside with a baseball bat
warning him to never come near the house
again the next day
he drives to lucinda's house following
the news article of her death
and sees a woman with her daughter
leaving jon follows them to the museum
and introduces himself with his son they
sit down to have lunch and we learn that
the woman's name is diana
while her daughter is abby she learns
that jon's a single parent just like
herself
and try seducing him with her female
hormones but jon is not interested in
her
only ask him for her mother instead
diana becomes upset at the mentioning of
lucinda and her predictions
and rushes outside while jon please for
her to wait
he wants her to help him figure out what
this all means but diana drives away
leaving the two behind john goes back
home and finds the location of the next
disaster
using the gps coordinates and informs
the police on the payphone
to block off all the pedestrians in the
area he sends away caleb to his sister
so that she may look after him while
he's gone
she seems to know something is wrong and
gives him a hug before saying goodbye
jon goes to the location and to his
surprise the area is not blocked off
like he expected
he tells the police to evacuate everyone
but only serves to make himself look
suspicious
while the police chases after him he
runs into a subway station
looking for anyone suspicious that may
cause an attack
jon sees a man in black hoodies who runs
away the second john makes eye contact
with him
the main character chases him onto the
train and follows the suspicious man all
the way to the end
the police officers show up as well and
tells them to stop running at gunpoint
the man surrenders and it turns out that
he's only a thief that stole some dvds
another train approaches from the
distance but the train track
malfunctions which causes the train to
move off course and flip over
jon notices this and tells everyone to
move back and get out of the train
but his warnings are too late as the
other train proceeds to crash into them
causing tremendous damage he gets out of
the station
only to see everyone wounded and
panicking while everything is covered in
dust
jon goes home and to his surprise sees
diana waiting on the front doors
she tells the kids to go inside and
proceeds to tell jon that the last day
on the ladder is the same day that she's
supposed to die
diana decides to bring jon to where her
mother used to hide from everyone around
her
she expresses her discontent about her
supposed destiny to die on the day which
her mother always talked about
but jon only sees regret and not being
able to prevent any future disasters
he wishes that he possessed the latter
sooner as it may have allowed him to
save his wife
they arrive at the abandoned house where
lucinda used to reside in
while walking inside diana takes a look
at the letter again
and notices that the numbers ends with
the letters ee
but has no idea of its meaning they
enter the building
and finds a room with numerous pictures
all relating to the previous disasters
predicted by lucinda
interestingly there's also a religious
picture with a sun in the middle
to which diana says that her mother will
stare at for hours at a time
she takes the picture just in case it
may show them clues for the future
jon finds the same stones that was given
to his son on the floor
which prompts him to look under the bed
he noticed some engravings on the
backside and flips the bed over
shockingly it's full of carvings that
repeatedly say
everyone else which represents the
letters at the end of the message that
lucinda wrote 50 years ago
at the same time the mysterious man
approaches abby and caleb
telling them to come scared by their
presence kayla presses the horn on the
car
causing the parents to run outside john
makes sure that the children are not
harmed and proceeds to chase after the
man he points a gun at one of them
and the man turns around slowly he opens
his mouth and a bright light shines
towards jon
blinding him temporarily as the stranger
disappears
they go back home and realizes that the
final event may very well destroy
everyone on earth
diana refuses to believe that this is
the truth as she can't stand the idea of
losing her daughter
they each go back to their children and
spends what could be the last night with
them
the next morning john wakes up seeing
abby coloring the religious picture
diana took
and he realizes that the final disaster
may have something to do with the sun
he quickly goes to the observatory and
checks on the recent readings of the sun
which shows abnormal levels of solar
radiation
he thinks that a large solar flare may
occur very soon
and that may be the cause of humanity's
destruction
diana overhears jon's conversation and
falls into despair
he tries to comfort her and says that
they can hide underground
inside caves which might protect them
from the sun's rays
everyone packs the necessary supplies
for their journey while jon decides to
finally call his father
and tells him that he loves his old man
despite their differences
he wants his parents to go high in the
closest underground structure
so that they may have a chance of
surviving this calamity
his father refuses as he already
accepted his fate
and is fine with dying beside his loved
ones jon calls for caleb to leave
but he finds the son writing the numbers
just like lucinda did
and when he took away the paper caleb
began scratching into the table
seeing the numbers that caleb made jon
realizes something important and rushes
everyone to the school
he goes to the basement where lucinda
was hiding 50 years ago
and takes the door home in his truck he
tries removing the new paint off the
door
as he realizes that lucinda carved the
last coordinates here before she was
taken away
diana believes that jon has lost his
mind and proceeds to leave him behind
while taking the children with her as
well john gets the coordinates from the
door but sees that everyone has left
which prompts him to chase them from
behind diana arrives in the gas station
to resupply
and when she heads into the building the
mysterious man takes her car with the
children inside
and leaves diana notices a black rock
similar to the ones found in her
mother's home
she turns around only to see her car
taken with the children kidnapped
she screams in agony and quickly takes a
car from the station
chasing after them in a state of panic
she charges across the intersection and
gets hit by a large truck that flips her
over
jon soon arrives and finds an accident
on the road but sees no kids anywhere
near the cars
he goes towards the ambulance and sees
that the paramedics are trying to save
diana but eventually fails
he walks towards her lifeless body and
holds her hand while apologizing for
everything that's happened
he notices something strange in her hand
and it turns out to be a similar rock
that the strangers gave to caleb from
before
believing that the strangers must have
taken the children jon goes to the final
destination which turns out to be
lucinda's house in the woods
he finds diana's car and walks forward
where he sees the man responsible for
taking his son
he threatens the stranger at gunpoint
but hears caleb calling him to stop
he tells his father that the strangers
have been protecting them this whole
time
and that they must go with them in order
to be saved it turns out that they were
the ones who sent the messages about the
major disasters
trying to save humanity from being
completely destroyed
jon looks up and sees a gigantic
spaceship hovering above them
which causes him to kneel in disbelief
caleb tells his father that they must go
now
and come back after everything is
destroyed in order to start over
they walk towards the spaceship but the
man tells caleb that his father cannot
come because he wasn't chosen
john cries as he realizes that this
would be the last time seeing his son
but he tells caleb to go without him
instead he promises to always be with
caleb
even if his physical body is not present
because jon will always be in his heart
caleb walks towards the strangers while
they transform into their true bodies
appearing as transparent human noise
glowing with light
they levitate towards the spaceship and
eventually takes flight into the
atmosphere
alongside hundreds of similar spaceships
all leaving earth at the same time
john cries at the loss of his son and
falls to his knees
when he wakes up in the morning he takes
his car and drives towards the city
human society has fallen apart and
everyone panics while the streets are
filled with riots and suffering
he walks towards his father's house and
embraces the sister
telling her that caleb is safe from
everything now the whole family joins in
their embrace while waiting for the
disaster to happen
the sun ray begins burning through the
atmosphere causing large explosions that
engulf the city and eventually burns off
the face of the earth
caleb and abby are dropped off in a
distant planet along with other children
from
earth they run towards a large white
tree as the spaceships take off into the
sky
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time